Add ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1-variant-1 tensors to tensor-id registry (#8)
collabora/tensor-id-registry: tensor-groups/ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1-variant-1-out.md

# Classification
- tensor-group: yes
- layer-type: output
- use-case: face-detection

# Description

Variant of ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1 outputs. This tensor group contains two 
tensors that together describe the predictions of ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1. Scores tensor
represents the confidence levels for foreground (face) or background (no face) for each bounding box.

ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1 Variant-1 Output Tensors:

| Name          |shape                                       |
|---            |---                                         |
| [boxes]       |1 x Num of Bounding Box predictions x 4     |
| [scores]      |1 x Num of Bounding Box predictions x 2     |

# Tensor Decoding Logic

```
Foreach i in Num_of_Bounding_Box_predictions:
    boxes_index = i * 4
    predictions_index = i * 2
    if scores[predictions_index] >= score_threshold:
        selected.add(boxes[boxes_index:boxes_index+4],
            scores[predictions_index:predictions_index+1])

>     boxes_with_face_detected = hard_nms(selected)

Reviewer: If the expectation is that NMS will be performed, we should document that somehow, no ?

>     boxes_with_face_detected = hard_nms(selected)

Reviewer 2: But the tensor is decoded without NMS. The goal of the registry is to give identify an encoding.

>     boxes_with_face_detected = hard_nms(selected)

Reviewer 2: We could document and write and specify that it's optional and has no impact on tensor-id. The reason why we put the algorithm here is to explain how multiples tensor relate to each others.

# Classification
- tensor-group: yes
- layer-type: output
- use-case: face-detection

# Description

Variant of ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1 outputs. This tensor group contains two 
tensors that together describe the predictions of ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1. Scores tensor
represents the confidence levels for foreground (face) or background (no face) for each bounding box.

ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1 Variant-1 Output Tensors:

| Name          |shape                                       |
|---            |---                                         |
| [boxes]       |1 x Num of Bounding Box predictions x 4     |
| [scores]      |1 x Num of Bounding Box predictions x 2     |

# Tensor Decoding Logic

```

> Foreach i in Num_of_Bounding_Box_predictions where j is foreground index:
>     if scores[j] >= score_threshold:
>         selected.add(boxes[i], scores[j])
>     boxes_with_face_detected = hard_nms(selected)

Reviewer: This might be clearer as?

```suggestion
Foreach i in Num_of_Bounding_Box_predictions:
    boxes_index = i * 4
    predictions_index = i * 2
    if scores[predictions_index] >= score_threshold:
        selected.add(boxes[boxes_index:boxes_index+4], scores[predictions_index:predictions_index+1])
```suggestion
Foreach i in Num_of_Bounding_Box_predictions:
  
```])
    boxes_with_face_detected = hard_nms(selected)
```

Author: Modified as per the suggestion

tensors that together describe the predictions of ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1. Scores tensor
represents the confidence levels for foreground (face) or background (no face) for each bounding box.

ultra-lightweight-face-detection-rfb-320-v1 Variant-1 Output Tensors:

| Name          |shape                                       |
|---            |---                                         |
| [boxes]       |1 x Num of Bounding Box predictions x 4     |
| [scores]      |1 x Num of Bounding Box predictions x 2     |

# Tensor Decoding Logic

```
Foreach i in Num_of_Bounding_Box_predictions:
    boxes_index = i * 4
    predictions_index = i * 2
    if scores[predictions_index] >= score_threshold:
        selected.add(boxes[boxes_index:boxes_index+4],
            scores[predictions_index:predictions_index+1])
    boxes_with_face_detected = hard_nms(selected)

hard_nms(selected):
    Foreach i in len(selected):
        if not discard[i]:
            boxes_with_face_detected.add(selected[i])
        else
            continue

        for j in range(i + 1, len(selected)):
            overlap = iou(selected[i], selected[j])
            if overlap >= iou_threshold:

>                 discard[j] = 1

Reviewer 2: NMS is out-of-scrop for this tensor-id-registry. Once the encoding of the the tensor has been identified the goal is achieved. The pseudo-code in the group is present to explain how tensors are inter-related to encode the analysis result.

Author: Removed the NMS portion
